story:
	#Goldilocks and the three bears
	
	Once upon a time there was a little girl. Her name was Goldilocks. She had golden hair.
	
	One day Goldilocks was walking in the forest. She saw a house and knocked on the door.

	She went inside. Nobody was there.
	
	Goldilocks saw three bowls on the table. She was hungry.

	“This porridge is too hot! This porridge is too cold! This porridge is just right!” Goldilocks ate all the porridge.
	
	Goldilocks was tired now.

	“This chair is too big! This chair is too big, too! This chair is just right!” But the chair broke!
	
	Goldilocks was very tired. She went upstairs.

	“This bed is too hard! This bed is too soft! This bed is just right!”
	
	Soon, the bears came home.
	
	“Someone's been eating my porridge!” said Daddy Bear.
	“Someone's been eating my porridge!” said Mummy Bear.
	“Someone's been eating my porridge - and it's all gone!” said Baby Bear.
	
	“Someone's been sitting on my chair!” said Daddy Bear.
	“Someone's been sitting on my chair!” said Mummy Bear.
	“Someone's been sitting on my chair - and it's broken!” said Baby Bear.
	
	“Someone's been sleeping in my bed!” said Daddy Bear.
	“Someone's been sleeping in my bed!” said Mummy Bear.
	“Someone's been sleeping in my bed - and she's still there!” said Baby Bear.
	
	Goldilocks woke up and saw the three bears...
	
	Now you decide what happens:
	
	@fix
	The bears make Goldilocks fix the damage done
	@run
	Goldilocks runs to the forest
	@parents
	Goldilocks runs with her parents and they help the bears
	@friends
	Goldilocks ask the bears to be friends
	@chair
	Goldilocks sits on a chair and starts flying

fix:
	#The bears make Goldilocks fix the damage done
	
	Goldilocks fixes the chair, makes some porridge and cleans the entire house, after that, she runs away and never comes back
	
	The end

run:
	#Goldilocks runs to the forest
	
	She runs to the chairs and past the porridges, goes through the door and never comes back
	
	The end

parents:
	#Goldilocks runs with her parents and they help the bears
	
	She runs away, deep into the forest, and gets to her house
	
	She tells the situation to her parents and they decide to help the bears
	
	They go to the bears' house and they see the mess that Goldilocks did
	
	They fix the chair, make some porridge and clean the entire house
	
	The three bears were very happy!
	
	After that, Goldilocks and her parents go to their house
	
	The end

friends:
	#Goldilocks ask the bears to be friends
	
	The bears say yes, Goldilocks and the bears fix the chair, make some porridge and clean the entire house
	
	Every now and then Goldilocks goes to their house and plays with the bears
	
	The end

chair:
	#Goldilocks sits on a chair and starts flying
	
	She sits on the Mummy bear's chair, expecting something to happen
	
	The chair starts flying and goes above the bears' reach
	
	The chair flies past the other chairs, past the porridges and outside the house
	
	It flies deep into the forest and stops on Goldilocks' house
	
	Goldilocks enters her house and never talks about the chair or the bears to anyone
	
	The end
